hey what's a B operation I droid here
and in this video I'm going to be
showing you pokemon pearl on the
Nintendo DS emulator DSO it which is
only on Android devices you can find DSO
it on the google play store so if you
don't have it i really recommend you
pick it up DSO it is a great nintendo DS
emulator and the only one on the put a
Google Play Store as of this moment the
upload of this video that features diner
it which is a very popular feature on
desktop nintendo DS emulator switch
makes them run at full speed the
asteroid of course is not run at full
speed and has been seeing many
improvements in the latest updates so
here i am playing pokemon pearl about
the load of saved file that i have in
the game and here we go so des oi Don
this nexus 7 android tablet does not run
at full speed but runs at a considerably
fast beat compared to most nintendo DS
emulators on mobile devices now as you
can see it's running at a decent speed I
would say it's going at sixty percent
out of normal speed being as that right
now it's running at about 22 21 frames
per second out of 30 and the optimal
would be at 30 and when it's going
really well like in battle it goes at 60
frames per second which makes it run at
a very good speed so as you can see in
battles it runs very well doesn't look
like it's lagging at all except for when
it's showing animations but when you're
actually selecting commands and doing
what you
do it runs very well Saudi Royd is a
very well-made emulator so as you can
see i click that little circular touch
about it at the top of the screen to
activate the touch bottom screen
features of being intended the lights
nintendo DS emulator and also this frees
up the whole screen for you to see
without any controller overlays
distracting you from your GS experience
other than that this game runs most
early nintendo DS games very well and
most to dds games very well i usually
like to set pokemon pearl pokemon
diamond because they are one of the most
popular nintendo DS games ever to come
out and they were made in the early
2000s the 2007 I'm sorry and therefore
being one of the basis of trying to run
the emulator and its best speed um some
games that run really well on the
asteroid our games like pokemon blue
rescue team pins rights Ace Attorney
Yoshi's Island 3d and a lot of other
good games I mean Yoshi's Island es
anyways as you can see the emulator is
very nice it's plays the games at a very
nice flamme screen anyways let's get
back into the specifics of d/s oide the
esso it was last updated on march 24
2013 which featured the update of 1.9
points12 which featured added frame
skits and the ability to disable sounds
both making the actual emulator one much
better on the price of this emulator is
259 it's actually you do have to pay for
this but it's well worth it because it's
one of the best in turn will be our
simulators
we will play store this Nintendo DS
emulator is actually stoned beta because
it doesn't run at full speed and it
shouldn't be considered a nintendo DS
emulator until it runs at the same speed
as a nintendo DS so it's in beta for us
to test and give a response to the
developer so i really recommend that
when you're using the S word and you
ever encounter a bug or a mishap or
something that happens make sure to tell
the developer given your feedback let
him know what he can fix to make the
emulator run better as well as it's very
small 21.8 megabytes but you do you will
need to get your own games AKA roms it
does not come with roms you need to go
online and get them of course i have a
video on how to do this room you guys
are wondering on you do not need any
bios file for the ones that for you guys
that are familiar with emulators and
overall i really think that this is a
great nintendo DS emulator all in all it
runs most games at a decent speed it is
not horrible unless you're on a really
old device if you're on one of the betas
powerhouses at galaxy s3 nexus 4 and
Nexus 7 HTC One all those types of
devices then your device will definitely
run well on TS oide so i hope you guys
enjoyed this video showcasing pokemon
pearl on da side on my nexus 7 tablet
really great game on a really great
android device thanks for watching I
hope you will enjoy this video anyways
if you would like to learn how to do
this for yourself and play Nintendo DS
games on your android device then click
on that nexus 4 or follow the link in
the description or if you would like to
see your video just like this one but on
pokemon diamond then click on the galaxy
s3 or follow the link in the description
as well as don't forget to subscribe for
more awesome content like this